{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 DEUS DIANAMED 100\
(Methandienone)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'95\'a0CAS number: 72-63-9\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95\'a0Molecular Weight: 300.44 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula: C
\fs27 20
\fs36 H
\fs27 28
\fs36 O
\fs27 2
\fs36 \'a0\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 DIANAMED\'a0100 (Methandienone) is an effective and affordable oral medication with androgenic and anabolic properties. It is typically used in the treatment of anorexia and has also been used as a form of hormonal replacement therapy. DIANAMED\'a0100 comes as methandienone 100mg injections which contain 100mg of methandienone and excipients.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Methandienone Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Methandienone stimulates the androgen receptor to elicit anabolic effects such as increased synthesis of protein, breakdown of glycogen and increase in muscular strength. It has limited androgenic activity and estrogenic effects. Methanedienone has a half-life of 3 - 6 hours and is eliminated through the urine.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 DIANAMED\'a0100 (Methandienone) Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 100mg intramuscular injection weekly\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Methandienone Side Effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Side effects include acne, virilization, hair loss on the scalp, gynecomastia, liver injury, and fluid retention.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Methandienone Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Methanedienone interacts with aromatase inhibitors and antifungals.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Methandienone . . . . . . . . . . . . 100mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s\cb1 \
}