{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 DEUS PARAMED 76.5\
(Trenbolone Hexahydrobenzylcarbonate)
\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'95\'a0CAS number: 23454-33-3\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight: 410.54\'a0g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Chemical Formula: C
\fs27 26
\fs36 H
\fs27 34
\fs36 O
\fs27 4
\fs36 \'a0\'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 PARAMED 76.5 (Trenbolone Hexahydrobenzylcarbonate) belongs to the class of nandrolones. It is used to increase muscle growth, appetite and also treat anemia. PARAMED 76.5 comes as trenbolone hexahydrobenzylcarbonate 76.5mg/ml injections which contains 76.5mg of trenbolone hexahydrobenzylcarbonate and excipients.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Trenbolone Hexahydrobenzylcarbonate Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Trenbolone hexahydrobenzylcarbonate\'a0is an ester of trenbolone. Trenbolone exerts anabolic and androgenic effects. It leads to an increased production of protein which can lead to increased muscle mass. it also leads to an increase in male secondary sexual characteristics and is believed to be more potent than testosterone. It exerts some effect on the bone marrow to increase red blood cell production.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 PARAMED\'a076.5 (Trenbolone Hexahydrobenzylcarbonate) Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Trenbolone hexahydrobenzylcarbonate 76.5mg injection once every ten days\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Trenbolone Side Effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Trenbolone side effects include acute, transient cough, acne,\'a0baldness, jaundice, sleeping difficulty, mood disorders and gynecomastia.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Trenbolone Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Potential interacts with antidiabetic drugs and oral anticoagulants.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Trenbolone Hexahydrobenzylcarbonate . . . 76.5mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \strokec2 \
}