{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 DEUS YK11 5\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95\'a0CAS number: 1370003-76-1\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight: 430.54 g/mol\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Formula: C
\fs27 25
\fs36 H
\fs27 34
\fs36 O
\fs27 6\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 YK11 5 is an oral steroidal selective androgen receptor modulator (SARM). It is a gene-selective partial agonist of the androgen receptor (AR). It comes in YK11 5mg tablets which contain YK11 5mg and excipients.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 YK11 Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 YK11 acts on the androgen receptors in the body. Androgen receptors, when stimulated, are responsible for male sexual characteristics (androgenic action) and the development of muscle bulk and bone mass (anabolic action). YK11 is a partial agonist of the androgen receptors. It exhibits its anabolic actions by stimulating a hormone known as follistatin. Follistatin helps to inhibit another hormone, myostatin, which limits muscle growth in the body. So, YK11 allows muscle growth and an increase in muscular strength.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 YK11 5 Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 5mg daily orally.\'a0\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 YK11 Side Effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 Side effects could include testosterone suppression, excess dosage could cause cancer, liver injury, acne, decreased libido, insomnia, anxiety, nausea and vomiting.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 YK11 Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 Interactions with other SARMs\cf2 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb4 Composition\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  YK11 . . .\'a0. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s}