{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS TURIMED 10\
(Chlorodehydromethyltestosterone)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'95\'a0CAS number: 2446-23-3\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight: 334.88 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula:\'a0C20H27CIO2\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 TURIMED 10 (4-Chlorodehydromethyltestosterone) is an oral anabolic-androgenic steroid (AAS). It is the 4-chloro-substituted derivative of methandienone. It has been used to treat hypogonadism, erectile dysfunction, suppression of symptoms associated with menopause, breast cancer and muscle wasting. TURIMED 10 is manufactured as 4-chlorodehydromethyltestosterone 10mg tablets which contain 4-chlorodehydromethyltestosterone 10mg and excipients.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 4-Chlorodehydromethyltestosterone Mechanism of action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 4-Chlorodehydromethyltestosterone is a derivative of metandienone. It acts on the androgen receptor to exert its effects. The modifications of its chemical structure make 4-Chlorodehydromethyltestosterone non-aromatizable resulting in a very low androgenic rating and stronger anabolic rating. It also has limited estrogenic effects.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 4-Chlorodehydromethyltestosterone Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 10mg tablets daily.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 4-Chlorodehydromethyltestosterone Side Effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Bleeding, hepatotoxicity, mild acne, gynecomastia, constipation low sex drive.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 4-Chlorodehydromethyltestosterone Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Anticoagulants, other anabolic steroids.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  4-Chlorodehydromethyltestosterone . . . . . . 10mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s\cb1 \
}