{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS ANADROMED 50\
(Oxymetholone)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'95 CAS number:\'a0434-07-1\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight: 332.48 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula: C21H32O3\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 ANADROMED 50 (Oxymetholone) is an androgen and anabolic steroid. It can be used as adjunctive therapy to promote weight gain after weight loss following extensive surgery, chronic infections, or severe trauma. This is one of the most usable steroids in medical use. This medicine also can be used in the treatment of osteoporosis and anemia. It comes in anadromed 50mg tablets that contain oxymetholone 50mg and excipients.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Oxymetholone Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Oxymetholone acts on androgen receptors as an agonist. It is therefore useful in stimulating muscular hypertrophy, especially in patients who are malnourished or with severe weight loss. It does this via the anabolic stimulating property of the androgen receptor.\'a0 Also, oxymetholone benefits patients who have anemia, as it is able to stimulate the bone marrow to produce more red cells.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 ANADROMED\'a050 (Oxymetholone) Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 1- 5mg/kg/day Daily, orally.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Oxymetholone Side Effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Side effects of oxymetholone include low moods, weakness, headaches, rapid weight gain, nausea and vomiting. difficulty sleeping, diarrhoea, and gynecomastia and it can also lead to masculinization of women.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Oxymetholone Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Major known interactions include warfarin and alcohol. But ensure you share any medications you are using, including herbal products and supplements with your doctor before using nevibolol.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Oxymetholone . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 50mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s\cb1 \
}