{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 DEUS DECAMED PP 100\
(Nandrolone Phenylpropionate)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'95 CAS number: 62-90-8\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight: 406.55 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula: C
\fs27 27
\fs36 H
\fs27 34
\fs36 O
\fs27 3\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 DECAMED PP 100 (Nandrolone Phenylpropionate) is a long-lasting prodrug formulation of the drug nandrolone. Nandrolone can be used to treat anaemia, osteoporosis and muscle wasting. It can also be used to treat advanced breast cancer, defects in the metabolism of protein and stunted growth in children. It is manufactured as a DECAMED\'a0PP 100mg/ml injection which contains 100mg of nandrolone phenylpropionate and excipients.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Nandrolone Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Nandrolone phenylpropionate is converted to the active form nandrolone. Nandrolone acts on androgen receptors to exert its anabolic and androgenic effects. However, it has far stronger anabolic effects than androgenic effects. Hence it is used often among children and women. Nandrolone also boosts red blood cell production by increasing erythropoietin production in the kidney and also stimulating bone marrow which makes it suitable for the treatment of anemia from renal insufficiency.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 DECAMED PP 100 (Nandrolone Phenylpropionate) Dosage:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 100mg by intramuscular injection, once a week.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Nandrolone Phenylpropionate Side effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Virilization (masculinization), fluid retention, infertility, testicular atrophy, elevated blood pressure, nausea and vomiting, prostate enlargement, priapism, liver injury, rashes, and allergic reactions.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Nandrolone Phenylpropionate Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Aromatase inhibitors, selective estrogen receptor modulators, 5-alpha reductase inhibitors, and anti-androgens all interact with nandrolone.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Nandrolone Phenylpropionate\'a0. . . . . . 100mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s
\f2 \cb1 \
}