{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13260\viewh21600\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS ARIMIMED 1\
(Anastrozole)
\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'95 CAS number: 120511-73-1\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight: 293.36 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula: C
\fs27 17
\fs36 H
\fs27 19
\fs36 N
\fs27 5\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 ARIMIMED\'a01 (Anastrozole) is a drug used in breast cancer treatment after menopause. It comes as anastrozole 1mg tablets which contain 1mg of anastrozole and excipients.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Anastrozole Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Anastrozole is a breast cancer drug that belongs to the class of third-generation nonsteroidal (Type II) aromatase inhibitors. Most breast cancers grow faster due to the presence of a hormone called estrogen. Aromatase is an enzyme that helps in the production of estrogen. Anastrozole inhibits the activity of aromatase, which consequently prevents estrogen formation, leading to a slowing down or reversal of breast cancer growth. Anastrozole has a half-life of 50 hours.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 ARIMIMED\'a01 (Anastrozole) Dosage:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 1mg orally, once daily. However, consult your doctor before taking this medication.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Anastrozole Side Effects:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Mild side effects may include hoft flushes, low mood, difficulty sleeping, bone pain, palpitations and headaches. However, these symptoms improve gradually as your body adapts to the medication.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb4 Some serious side effects include blurry vision, liver problems, kidney problems, and purple spots on the skin (due to bleeding under the skin). See a doctor immediately if you experience any of these.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Anastrozole Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Anastrozole interacts with very few medicines. However, avoid hormonal replacement therapy (HRT), herbal medications, or supplements while taking anastrozole.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Anastrozole . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s
\f2 \cb1 \
}