{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS MOTS-C\
(Mitochondrial-Derived Peptide)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 CAS number: 1627585-32-6\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight: 3890.16 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula: C215H350N62O65S2\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 MOTS-C is a mitochondrial-derived peptide consisting of 16 amino acids, naturally produced by mitochondria, which play a crucial role in cellular energy regulation. Unlike traditional peptides, MOTS-C is encoded by mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA), giving it unique metabolic functions. It has gained attention for its ability to regulate metabolic homeostasis, improve insulin sensitivity, and promote fat oxidation, making it a potential therapeutic agent for conditions like obesity, diabetes, and age-related metabolic decline.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 MOTS-C Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 MOTS-C acts primarily by targeting and regulating metabolic pathways involved in glucose metabolism and fat oxidation. It mimics the effects of exercise by activating the AMPK (AMP-activated protein kinase) pathway, which promotes glucose uptake by cells and enhances fatty acid oxidation. This action improves insulin sensitivity and helps regulate blood sugar levels.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 MOTS-C also counteracts age-related insulin resistance and metabolic dysfunction by modulating pathways involved in mitochondrial function and stress response, potentially extending cellular longevity and improving energy utilization.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb4 Increased glucose metabolism: Promotes glucose uptake by skeletal muscle, improving insulin sensitivity.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 Fat oxidation: Enhances the breakdown of fats for energy, leading to reduced fat storage.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 Anti-aging effects: Protects cells from metabolic stress and may reduce age-related metabolic disorders.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 MOTS-C Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 MOTS-C is typically administered as a subcutaneous injection, with dosages ranging from 5 mg to 10 mg, usually taken daily or several times per week depending on treatment objectives (e.g., metabolic enhancement, fat loss, or age-related interventions).\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 MOTS-C Side Effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 MOTS-C is generally well-tolerated, but some potential side effects may include:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb4 Mild pain or redness at the injection site.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 Fatigue, headaches, or slight dizziness.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 Temporary fluctuations in blood glucose levels.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 MOTS-C Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 MOTS-C may interact with other treatments targeting metabolic pathways, such as insulin-sensitizing medications or other peptides that influence mitochondrial function (e.g., AMPK activators). Caution should be taken when combined with glucose-lowering drugs to avoid hypoglycemia.\cb1 \
\
\cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  MOTS-C (Mitochondrial-Derived Peptide) . . . 10mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s}