{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS VIAMED 20\
(Sildenafil Citrate)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'95\'a0CAS number: 171599-83-0\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight: 666.70 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula: C28H38N6O11S\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 VIAMED 20 (Sildenafil Citrate) is used to treat erectile dysfunction (impotence) and symptoms of benign prostatic hypertrophy (enlarged prostate) and pulmonary arterial hypertension and improve exercise capacity in men and women. It is manufactured as 20mg tablets that contain 20mg of Sildenafil Citrate and excipients.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Sildenafil Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Cyclic guanine monophosphate (cGMP) is needed for penile arteries and smooth muscles of the penis to relax for a man to have an erection. The amount of cGMP is reduced by an enzyme called phosphodiesterase type 5. Sildenafil inhibits this enzyme so that cyclic GMP can be more abundant leading to better and longer-lasting erection. It is this same mechanism of relaxing blood vessels and smooth muscles that also makes it useful in treating pulmonary arterial hypertension.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Sildenafil Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 As prescribed by the physician.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Sildenafil Side Effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Headache, stomach upset, back pain, blurred vision, cyanopsia, flushing hypertension, fatigue, UTIs, indigestion, constipation and diarrhea.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Sildenafil Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Riociguat, alpha-blockers, azole antifungals, macrolides, HIV protease inhibitors, rifampin, organic nitrites and nitrates.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Sildenafil Citrate\'a0. . . . . . . . . . . . 20mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s\cb1 \
}