{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS DSIP\
(Delta Sleep-Inducing Peptide)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 CAS number:\'a062568-57-4\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight:\'a0848.81 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula:\'a0C35H48N10O15\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 DSIP (Delta Sleep-Inducing Peptide) is a peptide that is used to promote Delta wave activity, which is involved in deep sleep. It is commonly found in human breast milk. It can be used to treat insomnia and narcolepsy, convulsion and also opioid and alcohol withdrawal. It acts to relieve stress, depression and anxiety. It is manufactured as Delta Sleep-Inducing Peptides 5mg/vial which contains 5mg of Delta Sleep-Inducing Peptide and excipients.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 DSIP (Delta Sleep-Inducing Peptide) Mechanism of Action.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 It has been detected that DSIP (Delta Sleep-Inducing Peptide) reduced the nocturnal activity of an enzyme, NAT, and might also be involved in the modulation of adrenergic transmission. It also works as an antagonist to opiate receptors which makes it useful in treating alcohol/opiate withdrawal syndrome.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 DSIP (Delta Sleep-Inducing Peptide) Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 0.1ml injection subcutaneously at bedtime.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 DSIP (Delta Sleep-Inducing Peptide) Side effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Headache, nausea, fatigue, dizziness.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 DSIP (Delta Sleep-Inducing Peptide) Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Dexamethasone, exogenous hormones.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Delta Sleep-inducing Peptide . . . 5mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s}