{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 DEUS TRESTOLONE A100\
(Trestolone Acetate)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'95 CAS number: 6157-87-5\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight: 330.47 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula:\'a0C21H30O3\

\f0\b0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 TRESTOLONE A 100 (Trestolone Acetate) is an experimental androgen, anabolic steroid (AAS) and progestogen medication which has been under development for potential use as a form of hormonal birth control for men and in androgen replacement therapy for low testosterone levels in men. TRESTOLONE A 100 is manufactured as trestolone acetate 100mg/ml injection containing trestolone acetate 100mg and excipients.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Trestolone Acetate Mechanism of Action\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Trestolone acetate is a prodrug of trestolone. It is an androgen and anabolic steroid, exerting its effect on the androgen receptor. However,\'a0trestolone also has effects on the progesterone receptor, which effectively inhibits the secretion of luteinizing hormone and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH).\'a0 These two hormones are required for the process of spermatogenesis, and in their absence, the process cannot take place. This also results in a reduction in the production of testosterone. Hence, it is used as a form of hormonal birth control for men. Its androgenic action allows it to be useful in androgen replacement therapy for deficient androgen conditions.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 TRESTOLONE A 100 (Trestolone Acetate) Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 100mg weekly via intramuscular injection.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 TRESTOLONE A 100 Side Effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Low libido, reduced bone density, erectile dysfunction.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 TRESTOLONE A 100 Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Oral anticoagulants, dextrose, and antidiabetic drugs.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Composition\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Trestolone Acetate . . . . . . . . . 100mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s
\f2\fs36 \cb1 \
}