{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS IGF-1 DES\
(Insulin-Like Growth Factor 1, DES)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 CAS-Nummer:\'a0112603-35-7\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molekulargewicht:\'a07371.48 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formel:\'a0C319H501N91O96S7\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Insulin-Like Growth factor-1 is a naturally occurring form of IGF-1 (Insulin-like Growth Factor-1). It is used in the treatment of growth failure in children and IGF-1 deficiency, or growth hormone deficiency. IGF-1 DES (Insulin-Like Growth Factor 1, DES) comes in 1mg/vial subcutaneous injections which contain 1mg of Insulin-Like Growth Factor 1, DES and excipients.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 IGF-1 DES (Insulin-Like Growth Factor 1, DES)\'a0 Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 As an analog of IGF-1, IGF-1 DES mediates the effect of growth hormone although it is more\'a0potent than IGF-1. It binds to the IGF1 receptor to promote growth in almost every part of the body. It also signals several growth pathways that result in increased growth and it inhibits the pathway of cellular death. Naturally, growth hormone stimulates the release of IGF-1 from the liver. However, IGF-1 DES can act in the absence of growth hormone which makes it useful in treating growth hormone deficiency and resistance.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 IGF-1 DES (Insulin-Like Growth Factor 1, DES) Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 As directed by the physician.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 IGF-1 DES (Insulin-Like Growth Factor 1, DES) Side Effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Hypoglycemia, retina swelling, muscle pain, joint pain bell's palsy.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 IGF-1 DES (Insulin-Like Growth Factor 1, DES) Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Macimorelin.\'a0\cb1 \
\
\cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Insulin-Like Growth Factor 1, DES . . . 1mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s}