{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS FOLLISTATIN\
(Acticin-Binding Protein)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 CAS number:\'a0158709-61-6\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight:\'a034.7 kDa\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula:\'a0C5H6N4O2
\f0\b0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 FOLLISTATIN (Activin-Binding Protein) is a synthetic protein of the natural protein follistatin which binds activin, another protein. Activin promotes the secretion of follicle stimulating hormone and is also involved in cellular proliferation. Follistatin is used in the treatment of different types of cancers.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 FOLLISTATIN (Activin-Binding Protein) Mechanism of action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Follistatin is known to inhibit activin. Activin is a protein heavily involved in the proliferation of cells in the body. When there is an overexpression of activin, there can be unrestrained proliferation of cells which can lead to cancer. Follistatin can be used to inhibit activin, to serve as a control for the cellular proliferation from activin. Follistatin binds to activin, forming a complex that renders it inactive to exert its proliferative effects. Follistatin can also reduce the severity of inflammation in diseases like asthma and colitis.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 FOLLISTATIN (Activin-Binding Protein)\'a0 Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 As prescribed by the physician.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 FOLLISTATIN (Activin-Binding Protein)\'a0 Side effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Hypogonadism, cardiac hypertrophy, anxiety depression and lipid profile changes.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 FOLLISTATIN (Activin-Binding Protein) Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Inhibin.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Activin-Binding Protein . . . . . . . . 1mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s}