{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS SELANK\
(Selank Anxiolytic Peptide)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 CAS number:\'a0129954-34-3\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight:\'a0751.89 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula:\'a0C33H57N11O9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Selank is a synthetic analog of tuftsin, and it is used in the treatment of anxiety, depression and used to also improve cognitive functions. Selank is manufactured as 5mg/vial subcutaneous injections that contain Selank Anxiolytic Peptide 5mg and excipients.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Selank Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 As an analog of tuftsin, selank is an immunomodulator. It exact mechanism of action in bringing about its anxiolytic is not completely understood. However, it has been shown that it modulates the GABA neurotransmitter. It also induces the metabolism of serotonin and enhances the expression of brain-derived neurotrophic factor, both of which are involved regulation of mood. It exerts its anxiolytic effects without causing sedation or addiction. It also influences memory formation and enhances the process of learning. Selank also boosts immune responses.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Selank Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 As directed by the physician.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Selank Side Effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Headache, hair loss, fatigue, dizziness.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Selank Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Benzodiazepines.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Selank Anxiolytic Peptide . . . . . . 5mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s}