{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red175\green12\blue36;
\red241\green249\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c74902\c12549\c18431;
\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS DEUSTROPIN 4/12\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(Recombinant Human Growth Hormone [rDNA origin])\cf4 \cb5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \AppleTypeServices \cf6 \cb3 \'95 CAS number:\'a012629-01-5\
\'95 Molecular Weight:\'a022.260 kDa\
\'95 Formula:\'a0C990H1529N263O299S7\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf6 \cb7 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf6 \cb7 DEUSTROPIN 4/12 (Recombinant Human Growth Hormone [rDNA origin]) is a growth hormone analog that is used to treat children with growth hormone deficiency. It is a polypeptide hormone that has recombinant DNA origin.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf6 \cb7 DEUSTROPIN 4/12 Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf6 \cb7 DEUSTROPIN 4/12 is a recombinant growth hormone that acts on bone, cartilage, and muscle to stimulate growth in childhood. It acts just like the natural growth hormone. It can be used to treat both children and adults with growth hormone deficiency. It increases the concentration of Insulin-Like Growth Factor-1\'a0 (IGF-1) which plays a role in skeletal growth. It also increases the synthesis of protein and increases the lean body mass.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf6 \cb7 DEUSTROPIN 4/12 Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf6 \cb7 Weight-based dosing as directed by a physician.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf6 \cb7 DEUSTROPIN 4/12 Side effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf6 \cb7 Headache nausea, fatigue, vomiting. weakness, eye problems, irregular heartbeats slurred speech, joint stiffness and impaired glucose tolerance.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf6 \cb7 DEUSTROPIN 4/12 Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf6 \cb7 Oral hypoglycemic drugs, steroids cyclosporine, oral contraceptive, macimorelin.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \
\cb7 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb7 \uc0\u10003  Recombinant Human Growth Hormone [rDNA origin] . . . 4mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb7 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
}