{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS SUPERMED 10\
(Methyldrostanolone)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'95\'a0CAS number: 3381-88-2\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight: 318.50 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula:\'a0C21H34O2\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 SUPERMED 10 (Methyldrostanolone) is a medication which is used as a part of hormonal replacement therapy and treatment of hypogonadism in men. Methyldrostanolone also increases muscular mass. SUPERMED 10 comes in methyldrostanolone 10mg tablets which contain 10mg methyldrostanolone and excipients.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Methyldrostanolone Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Methyldrostanolone acts on androgen receptors to elicit both androgenic and anabolic effects. It however has stronger anabolic than androgenic effects. Hence its widespread use in the development of muscle mass and strength.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 SUPERMED\'a010 (Methyldrostanolone) Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 10mg daily taken orally.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Methyldrostanolone Side Effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Hepatotoxicity, virilization, acne, headaches, anxiety, changes in sexual libido cardiovascular disorders.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Methyldrostanolone Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Corticosteroids, antidiabetic medications, dopaminergic drugs and antipsychotics.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Methyldrostanolone\'a0. . . . . . . . . 10mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s\cb1 \
}