{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 DEUS 3-TRENBOMED 150\
(Trenbolone Enanthate, Trenbolone Acetate\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 CAS number: 360-70-3\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight: 428.65 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula: C
\fs27 28
\fs36 H
\fs27 44
\fs36 O
\fs27 3
\fs36 \'a0 \'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl860\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Overview
\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 3-TRENBOMED 150 (Trenbolone Mix) consists of a combination of trenbolone acetate, trenbolone enanthate, and trenbolone hexahydrobenzyl carbonate compounds. The base compound, trenbolone is an androgen and anabolic steroid. It is known to increase muscle mass, workout output and muscle recovery. It is usually sold as compound mixtures in order to prolong its half-life.\'a0 3-TRENBOMED 150 (Trenbolone Mix) comprises 50mg of trenbolone enanthate, 50mg of trenbolone hexahydrobenzylcarbonate, 50mg of trenbolone acetate and excipients.\'a0
\fs32 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl860\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 Trenbolone Mechanism of Action
\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 As an androgen and anabolic steroid, trenbolone has both androgenic and anabolic activity. It leads to an increased production of protein which can lead to increased muscle mass. it also leads to an increase in male secondary sexual characteristics and is believed to be more potent than testosterone.
\fs32 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl860\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 Trenbolone Side Effects
\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Trenbolone side effects include acute, transient cough, acne,\'a0baldness, jaundice, sleeping difficulty, mood disorders, and gynecomastia.
\fs32 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl860\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 Trenbolone Interactions
\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Potential interacts with antidiabetic drugs, and oral anticoagulants.
\fs32 \cf5 \

\fs36 \cf2 Composition
\fs32 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf2 \uc0\u10003 
\f0  Trenbolone Enanthate . . . . . . . 50mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003 
\f0  Trenbolone Acetate . . . . . . . . . 50mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003 
\f0  Trenbolone Hexahydrobenzylcarbonate . . . . 50mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003 
\f0  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s}