{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11860\viewh13740\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS TIRZEPATIDE\
(GIP and GLP-1 Receptor agonist)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'95 CAS number:\'a02023788-19-2\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight: 4813.53 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula: C225H348N48O68\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Tirzepatide is a novel dual GIP (Glucose-dependent Insulinotropic Polypeptide) and GLP-1 (Glucagon-like Peptide-1) receptor agonist. It is a synthetic peptide designed to mimic the actions of both GIP and GLP-1, two incretin hormones that play key roles in regulating blood glucose and energy metabolism. Tirzepatide is used primarily in the management of type 2 diabetes and obesity due to its potent effects on improving glycemic control and promoting weight loss. It is marketed as a subcutaneous injectable medication.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Tirzepatide (GIP and GLP-1 Receptor agonist) Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Tirzepatide acts by binding to and activating both GIP and GLP-1 receptors. This dual agonism enhances insulin secretion in a glucose-dependent manner and reduces glucagon levels, helping to regulate blood sugar. The GIP component promotes insulin sensitivity, while the GLP-1 component slows gastric emptying, reduces appetite, and increases satiety. Together, these effects contribute to improved glycemic control, weight reduction, and better metabolic outcomes.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 GIP (Glucose-dependent Insulinotropic Polypeptide): Increases insulin secretion and improves fat metabolism.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 GLP-1 (Glucagon-like Peptide-1): Enhances insulin release, reduces glucagon secretion, and delays gastric emptying, leading to better blood sugar control and appetite suppression.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Tirzepatide (GIP and GLP-1 Receptor agonist) Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Tirzepatide is typically administered as a subcutaneous injection once weekly. Dosages range from 5 mg to 15 mg, depending on patient response and treatment goals. It is often titrated up to avoid gastrointestinal side effects.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Tirzepatide (GIP and GLP-1 Receptor agonist) Side Effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Common side effects of tirzepatide include:\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Gastrointestinal: Nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Metabolic: Hypoglycemia (especially when used with insulin or sulfonylureas), decreased appetite.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Injection site reactions: Pain, swelling, or redness at the injection site.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Others: Fatigue, dizziness, potential for pancreatitis (rare).\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Tirzepatide (GIP and GLP-1 Receptor agonist) Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Tirzepatide may interact with medications affecting blood sugar levels, such as insulin or sulfonylureas, increasing the risk of hypoglycemia. It may also interact with drugs that delay gastric emptying, such as certain anticholinergics.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 \uc0\u10003  Tirzepatide (GIP and GLP-1 receptor agonist) . . . 10mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
}