{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 DEUS MK2866 10 OSTARINE\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95\'a0CAS number:\'a0841205-47-8\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight: 389.33 g/mol\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Formula: C
\fs27 19
\fs36 H
\fs27 14
\fs36 F
\fs27 3
\fs36 N
\fs27 3
\fs36 O
\fs27 3\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 MK2866 10 (Ostarine) is a research chemical,\'a0 that is used in the treatment of conditions such as muscle wasting and osteoporosis. MK2866 10 comes in 10mg tablets that comprise MK2866 (Ostarine) 10mg and excipients.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 Ostarine Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 Ostarine is a selective androgen receptor modulator (SARM). SARMs are molecules that act on androgen receptors. androgen receptors, when stimulated by androgens, are responsible for male sexual characteristics (androgenic action) and the development of muscle bulk and bone mass (anabolic action). SARMs stimulate these receptors to cause an increase in lean body mass (fat-free mass) and improvement of bone density. They are preferred because they do not stimulate the androgen receptors to cause the development of male sexual characteristics, and this is why they are tagged "selective".\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 MK2866 10 Ostarine Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 10mg daily taken orally.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 Ostarine Side Effects\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 Ostarine can increase the risk of liver damage, heart attack stroke.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 Ostarine Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 Not available\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 Composition\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  MK2866 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s}