{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 DEUS MK 677 10 IBUTAMOREN\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95\'a0CAS number: 159634-47-6\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight: 528.67 g/mol\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Formula: C
\fs27 27
\fs36 H
\fs27 36
\fs36 N
\fs27 4
\fs36 O
\fs27 5
\fs36 S\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 MK677 10 (Ibutamoren) is a drug that acts on the ghrelin receptor and also causes the production of the growth hormone. It is available as MK677 10mg tablets (ibutamoren capsules) which comprises ibutamoren 10mg and excipients. Ibutamoren benefits include an increase in lean mass, better sleep, treatment of growth hormone deficiency, reduced muscle wasting, and improved bone density. Ibutamoren supplements can also be used to improve appetite.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 Ibutamoren Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 Ibutamoren is a long-acting agonist of the ghrelin receptor. Ghrelin is usually referred to as the 'hunger hormone', because it increases the desire to eat. It also increases body weight. Ghrelin is also involved in glucose metabolism. Ibutamoren is a ghrelin receptor agonist that acts to produce the same effects as ghrelin. It also causes the secretion of growth hormone when it binds to the ghrelin receptor.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 MK677 10 (Ibutamoren) Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 10mg daily taken orally.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 Ibutamoren Side Effects\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 Improper dosage and extended use can result in increased appetite, lethargy, joint pain, insulin resistance, and elevated prolactin levels.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 Ibutamtoren Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 Not Available\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 Composition\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  MK677 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s}