{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS THYMOSIN A1\
(Thymosin Alpha-1)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 CAS number:\'a062304-98-7\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight:\'a03108.32 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula:\'a0C129H215N33O55\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 THYMOSIN A1 (Thymosin Alpha-1) is a synthetic peptide fragment that is used to treat hepatitis B and C, acute respiratory distress syndrome, tuberculosis, peritonitis HIV and cancer.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 THYMOSIN A1 (Thymosin Alpha-1) Mechanism of Action\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 THYMOSIN A1 (Thymosin Alpha-1) is involved in the restoration of immune function and acts to enhance cell-mediated immunity by the T-cells. It affects T-cell maturation, differentiation and function.\'a0 It acts on several receptors that lead to the proliferation of other immune cells. It also enhances the response of the innate immunity. It has a half-life of about 3hrs.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 THYMOSIN A1 (Thymosin Alpha-1)\'a0 Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 As prescribed by the physician.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 THYMOSIN A1 (Thymosin Alpha-1)\'a0 Side Effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Irritation at the injection site, cytokine storm.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 THYMOSIN A1 (Thymosin Alpha-1) Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Not available.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Thymosin Alpha-1 . . . . . . . . . . . 10mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s}