{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS GHRP-2\
(Growth Hormone-Releasing Peptide 2)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
number:\'a0158861-67-7\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight:\'a0817.99 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula:\'a0C45H55N9O6\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 GHRP-2 (Growth Hormone-Releasing Peptide 2) is a man-made agonist of ghrelin. It is used to treat children with growth hormone deficiency, adult GH deficiency, catabolic stats, and obesity. It is manufactured as a GHRP-2 10mg/vial injection which contains Growth Hormone-Releasing Peptide 2 10mg and excipients\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 GHRP-2 (Growth Hormone-Releasing Peptide 2) Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 GHRP-2 is a synthetic analog of ghrelin. Ghrelin is well known for its actions in stimulating hunger and appetite. However, it also stimulates the release of growth hormone by acting on the ghrelin/growth hormone secretagogue receptor (GHS-R). Growth Hormone-Releasing Peptide-2 also exerts these same effects on GHSR. It is still unclear the exact mechanism for GH release after the GHSR is stimulated. However, studies have shown that it acts directly on the pituitary gland and the hypothalamus, as well as GHRH and somatostatin.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 GHRP-2 Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 As directed by the physician.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 GHRP-2 Side Effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Redness, itching, increased appetite, tiredness, excess sweating.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 GHRP-2 Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Insulin.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Growth Hormone-Releasing Peptide 2 . . . 10mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s\cb1 \
}