{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS TESTOMED C 250\
(Testosterone Cypionate)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'95 CAS number: 58-20-8\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight: 412.60 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula: C
\fs27 27
\fs36 H
\fs27 40
\fs36 O
\fs27 3
\fs36 \'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 TESTOMED C 250 (Testosterone Cypionate) is used in men and boys to treat conditions caused by a lack of testosterone, such as delayed puberty or growth. It is recommended for males with genetic disorders, problems with certain brain structures (called the hypothalamus and pituitary) or previous chemotherapy. Testosterone injection is also used in women to treat certain types of breast cancer that have spread to other parts of the body.\'a0 TESTOMED C 250 is manufactured as testosterone cypionate 250mg/ml which contains testosterone cypionate 250mg and excipients.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Testosterone Cypionate Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Testosterone cypionate is a prodrug of testosterone. Testosterone acts on the androgen receptor to exert its androgenic and anabolic effects. It is responsible for the development of male sexual gametes and secondary sexual characteristics. Testosterone has strong androgenic and moderate anabolic effects. Its anabolic effects include increased muscle mass and strength, increase in bone density, and bone maturation.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Testosterone Cypionate Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 250mg every one to four weeks via intramuscular injection route.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Testosterone Side effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Masculinization, voice changes, changes in libido, acne, allergic reactions, hypertension cardiovascular disorders, blood clots, unstable moods, hepatotoxicity, difficulty with sleeping, stroke, and swelling of ankles and feet.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Testosterone Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Antidiabetics, warfarin, propranolol, corticosteroids, oxyphenbutazone.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Testosterone Cypionate . . . . 250mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 Precautions for storage:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 Because of the product's high concentration, it is susceptible to crystallization when exposed to colder temperatures. It\'92s best to follow the process of re-dissolving the product if this has happened. Crystallization does not impact patient safety, efficacy, or product quality.
\f2 \cb1 \
}