{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS TESTOMED P 100\
(Testosterone Propionate)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'95 CAS number: 57-85-2\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight: 344.49 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula: C
\fs27 22
\fs36 H
\fs27 32
\fs36 O
\fs27 3
\fs36 \'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 TESTOMED P 100 (Testosterone Propionate) is used in males to treat conditions such as hypogonadism, delayed puberty or growth. It is recommended for males with genetic disorders, in people who had previous chemotherapy and is useful in hormonal therapy. Testosterone propionate injection is also used in women to treat certain types of breast cancer that have spread to other parts of the body.\'a0 TESTOMED P 100 is manufactured as testosterone propionate 100mg/ml which contains testosterone propionate 100mg and excipients.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Testosterone Propionate Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Testosterone propionate is a prodrug of testosterone. Testosterone acts on the androgen receptor to exert its androgenic and anabolic effects. It is responsible for the development of male sexual gametes and secondary sexual characteristics. Testosterone propionate has strong androgenic and moderate anabolic effects. Its anabolic effects include increased muscle mass and strength, increase in bone density, and bone maturation. However, it is short-acting in duration.\'a0 It is primarily used in androgen replacement therapy, but also useful in bodybuilding.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Testosterone Propionate Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 100mg every two to three days via intramuscular injection route.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Testosterone Propionate Side effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Masculinization, voice changes, changes in libido, gynecomastia, acne, allergic reactions, hypertension cardiovascular disorders, blood clots, unstable moods, hepatotoxicity, difficulty with sleeping, stroke, and swelling of ankles and feet.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Testosterone Propionate Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Antidiabetics, warfarin, propranolol, corticosteroids, oxyphenbutazone.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Testosterone Propionate . . . . 100mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s
\f2 \cb1 \
}