{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS HALOMED 5\
(Fluoxymesterone)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'95\'95\'a0CAS number: 76-43-7\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight: 336.44 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula: C20H29FO3\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 HALOMED 5 (Fluoxymesterone) is used in the treatment of hypogonadism in males, breast cancer in females, and anaemia. HALOMED 5 is manufactured as fluoxymesterone 5mg tablets that contain 5mg of fluoxymesterone and excipients.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Fluoxymesterone Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Fluoxymesterone is a potent androgen receptor agonist exhibiting more androgenic than anabolic properties. This makes it useful in the treatment of androgen deficiency in males. It has little or no progestogenic and appears to inhibit estrogen, which makes it useful in the treatment of breast cancer. Fluoxymesterone also has some effects on the glucocorticoid receptor. Fluoxymesterone has a half-life of 9.2 hours, metabolized in the liver and eliminated in the urine.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 HALOMED 5 (Fluoxymesterone) Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 5mg daily taken orally.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Fluoxymesterone Side effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Virilization in women and children, gynecomastia, hypertension, low moods, anxiety, changes in libido, and headaches.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Fluoxymesterone Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Anisindione, dicumarol, ketoconazole, leflunomide, mipomersen, lomitapide, pexidartinib, teriflunomide, and warfarin.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Fluoxymesterone . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s\cb1 \
}