{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS BPC-157\
(Pentadecapeptide)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 CAS number:\'a0137525-51-0\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight:\'a01419.54 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula: C62H98N16O22\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 BPC-157 (Pentadecapeptide) is a novel stable 15 amino-acid compound that was partially isolated from human gastric juice. It has been used in the treatment of ulcers and several other wounds. It is manufactured as BPC-157 (Pentadecapeptide) 5mg/vial injection containing Pentadecapeptide 5mg and excipients.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 BPC-157 (Pentadecapeptide) Mechanism of Action\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 BPC-157 (Body Protection Compound - 157) has been shown to protect cells. The 15 amino acids that form this compound do not occur naturally but the compound is a derivative of the human gastric juice. Pentadecapeptide exerts its effect through the process of angiogenesis (blood vessel formation). This process can lead to the formation of a large vascular network, which allows for the regeneration of tissue. BPC-157 has been found to reduce the area of ulceration and help in the regeneration or healing of ulcers. Another mechanism through which it possibly achieves this is by inhibiting a growth-inhibiting factor, 4-hydroxynoneal, thereby allowing more growth and regeneration. BPC-157 (Pentadecapeptide) also protects the stomach lining from toxic agents. Due to its regenerative attributes, it has also been found to stimulate the proliferation of tendon cells and may be useful in regenerating neuronal cells.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 BPC-157 (Pentadecapeptide) Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 200 - 400mcg daily, given as intramuscular injections.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 BPC-157 (Pentadecapeptide) Side effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Pain at the injection site, inflammation, fatigue, dizziness.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 BPC-157 (Pentadecapeptide) Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Nitric oxide, dopamine.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Pentadecapeptide . . . . . . . . . . . . 5mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s\cb1 \
}