{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS TESTOMED U 250\
(Testosterone Undecanoate)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'95 CAS number: 5949-44-0\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight: 456.71 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula:\'a0C
\fs27 30
\fs36 H
\fs27 48
\fs36 O
\fs27 3\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 TESTOMED U 250 (Testosterone Undecanoate) is one of the most popular testosterone esters. It is used in men and boys to treat conditions such as hypogonadism, delayed puberty or growth. It is recommended for males with genetic disorders, in people who had previous chemotherapy and is useful in hormonal therapy. Testosterone undecanoate injection is also used in women to treat osteoporosis. TESTOMED U 250 is manufactured as testosterone undecanoate 250mg/ml injection which contains testosterone undecanoate 250mg and excipients.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Testosterone Undecanoate Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Testosterone undecanoate is a longer-acting prodrug or ester of testosterone. Testosterone acts on the androgen receptor to exert its androgenic and anabolic effects. It is responsible for the development of male sexual gametes and secondary sexual characteristics. Testosterone undecanoate has strong androgenic and moderate anabolic effects. Its anabolic effects include increased muscle mass and strength, increase in bone density, better body composition, and bone maturation. Its duration of action is also longer than other testosterone esters, with a half-life of about 20 days. It can also be taken orally or intramuscularly.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Testosterone Undecanoate Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Once every three months via intramuscular injection route.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Testosterone Undecanoate Side effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Severe anaphylaxis reaction, masculinization, voice changes, changes in libido, gynecomastia, acne, hypertension, cardiovascular disorders, blood clots, unstable moods, hepatotoxicity, difficulty with sleeping, stroke, and swelling of ankles and feet.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Testosterone Undecanoate Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Antidiabetics, warfarin, propranolol, oxyphenbutazone.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Testosterone Undecanoate . . . . . . 250mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s
\f2 \cb1 \
}