{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS SEMAX\
(Semax Heptapeptide)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 CAS number:\'a080714-61-0\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight:\'a0813.93 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula:\'a0C37H51N9O10S\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 SEMAX\'a0is a medication that belongs to the family of neuropeptides. It is used to treat cognitive disorders stroke, TIA, prevent cardiovascular disorders and to also boost the immune system. It is manufactured as 5mg/vial subcutaneous injections which contain SEMAX Heptapetide 5mg and excipients.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 SEMAX Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 SEMAX has been shown to act as an antagonist of one of the melanocortin receptors (M4). It inhibits the effects of this receptor and also increases the production of brain-derived neurotrophic factor, which is essential in long-term memory and neural development.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 SEMAX Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 As directed by the physician.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 SEMAX Side Effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Hairloss, hyperglycemia.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 SEMAX interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Diabetes medications.\cb1 \
\
\cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Semax Heptapeptide . . . . . . . . . 5mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s}