{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS THYROMED 50\
(Levothyroxine Sodium (T4))\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95\'a0CAS number: 55-03-8\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight:\'a0799.86\'a0g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula:\'a0C15H11I4NNaO4+
\f0\b0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 THYROMED 50 (Levothyroxine Sodium (T4)) is a man-made form of the thyroid hormone. It is used to treat hypothyroidism. It is also used to treat or prevent goitre (enlarged thyroid gland), which can be caused by hormone imbalances, radiation treatment, surgery, or cancer. THYROMED 50 is manufactured as 50mcg tablets that contain 50mcg of levothyroxine sodium (T4) and excipients.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Levothyroxine Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Levothyroxine is made from thyroxine, the naturally occurring thyroid hormone. It acts to increase the metabolic rate of cells and tissues in the body, maintain brain function, metabolize food, and regulate temperature. It acts on thyroid hormone receptors, (thyroid hormone response elements) to exert its effects. Even though T4 is the major hormone produced in the thyroid gland, the majority of it is converted to T3 which exerts the physiologic effects that are observed.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 THYROMED 50 Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 As prescribed by the physician.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 THYROMED 50 (Levothyroxine Sodium) Side Effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Hyperthyroidism palpitations, nausea, insomnia, weight loss, hypertension, increased appetite.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 THYROMED 50 (Levothyroxine Sodium) Interactions\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Antacids, cholestyramine, calcium carbonate, ketamine, tricyclic antidepressants, colestipol.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003 
\f0  Levothyroxine Sodium (T4) . . 50mcg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003 
\f0  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s\cb1 \
}