{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS TRENBOMED A 100\
(Trenbolone Acetate)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'95\'a0CAS number: 10161-34-9\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95\'a0Molecular Weight: 312.41 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Chemical Formula: C
\fs27 20
\fs36 H
\fs27 24
\fs36 O
\fs27 3
\fs36 \'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 TRENBOMED\'a0A 100 (Trenbolone Acetate) is a medication that is used in the management of the anemia of renal insufficiency and has been shown to increase hemoglobin and red cell mass. TRENBOMED\'a0A 100 comes as trenbolone acetate 100mg injection which contains trenbolone 100mg and excipients.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Trenbolone Acetate Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Trenbolone acetate is a short-acting prodrug of trenbolone in the body, with a half-life of 1 to 2 days. The active substance trenbolone, acts on the androgen receptor to stimulate both anabolic and androgenic effects. Trenbolone can also increase the amount of erythropoietin involved in red cell production. This is particularly useful in treating aplastic anemia, and research has shown that trenbolone is more potent than testosterone in exerting its effects. It\'a0also leads to muscle growth, increase in bone density and also helps in wound recovery.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Trenbolone Acetate Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 100mg weekly taken as an intramuscular injection.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Trenbolone Side Effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Virilization (masculinization), acne oily skin, hypogonadism, elevation of LDL levels, gynecomastia, and Tren cough.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Trenbolone Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Oral anticoagulants, antidiabetic, anabolic steroids, cytotoxic drugs.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Trenbolone Acetate . . . . . . . . 100mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s\cb1 \
}