{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 DEUS SR9009 10 STENABOLIC\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95\'a0CAS number: 1379686-30-2\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight: 437.94 g/mol\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Formula: C
\fs27 20
\fs36 H
\fs27 24
\fs36 CIN
\fs27 3
\fs36 O
\fs27 4\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 SR9009 10 (Stenabolic) is also known as \'93exercise in a pill\'94, or \'93workout in a pill\'94. It is an agonist of the Rev-ErbA protein which is involved in regulating circadian patterns and the metabolic activities of the body. It is manufactured as SR9009 10mg tablets which contain 10mg of SR9009 (stenabolic) and excipients.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 SR9009 (Stenabolic) Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 Stenobolic is an agonist of the Rev-ErbA protein. This protein is involved in the regulation of the circadian rhythm of the body, and also body metabolism. When stimulated, this receptor leads to increased numbers of mitochondria, which produce energy in the body. This way SR9009 benefits athletes and bodybuilders, supplying them with extra energy so they can perform longer without exhaustion. SR9009 has a half-life of 4 - 6 hours.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 SR9009 Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 10mg daily taken orally.\'a0\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 SR9009 Side Effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 Side effects might include heart disease, liver injury, hormonal imbalances, difficulty sleeping, and weakness.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 SR9009 Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 Not available\cf2 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb4 Composition\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  SR9009 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s}