{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 DEUS S4 25 ANDARINE\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95\'a0CAS number: 401900-40-1\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight: 441.36 g/mol\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Formula: C
\fs27 19
\fs36 H
\fs27 18
\fs36 F
\fs27 3
\fs36 N
\fs27 3
\fs36 O
\fs27 6\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 S4 25 (Andarine) is a nonsteroidal selective androgen receptor modulator (SARM). It is also a partial agonist of the androgen receptor which makes it useful in the treatment of conditions such as muscle wasting (cachexia), osteoporosis (brittle, fragile bones) and benign prostatic hypertrophy (BPH). It is administered orally, existing as S4 25mg tablets containing andarine 25mg and excipients.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 Andarine Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 Andarine is a SARM that acts as a partial agonist on androgen receptors. Androgen receptors, when stimulated by androgens, are responsible for male sexual characteristics (androgenic action) and the development of muscle bulk and bone mass (anabolic action). Andarine stimulates these receptors to cause an increase in lean body mass (fat-free mass) and improvement of bone density. They are preferred because they do not stimulate the androgen receptors to cause the development of male sexual characteristics, which are usually unwanted during treatment, and this is why they are tagged "selective". Andarine does not cause prostate hypertrophy which is caused by exogenous androgens and is in fact used to treat prostate enlargement.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 S4 25 (Andarine) Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 25mg daily, taken orally.\'a0\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 Andarine Side Effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 Some rare side effects include heart attack, liver injury and stroke.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 Andarine Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 Not available\cf2 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb4 Composition\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  S4 . .\'a0. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s}