{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS FEMAMED 2.5\
(Letrozole)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'95\'a0CAS number: 112809-51-5\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight: 285.30 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula: C17H11N5\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 FEMAMED\'a02.5 (Letrozole) is a highly potent drug used in breast cancer treatment for postmenopausal women and can also be given to breast cancer patients who have been previously treated with tamoxifen. It comes as a letrozole 2.5mg tablet comprising 25mg of letrozole and excipients.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Letrozole Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Letrozole as a breast cancer drug,\'a0 belongs to the class of non-steroidal (Type II) aromatase Inhibitors. Some breast cancers grow faster due to the presence of a hormone called estrogen. Aromatase is an enzyme that helps in the production of estrogen. Letrozole stops the activity of aromatase, which consequently prevents estrogen formation, leading to a slowing down or reversal of breast cancer growth. Letrozole has a half-life of 42 hours.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 FEMAMED\'a02.5 (Letrozole) Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 2.5mg orally, once daily. However, consult your doctor before taking this medication.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Letrozole Side Effects\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Some commonly reported side effects of letrozole include excessive sweating, hot flashes, bone pain, cough, dyspnea, constipation, increased blood pressure, breast pain, nausea, and vomiting.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb4 Blurred vision and elevated liver enzymes are less frequently reported side effects.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Letrozole Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Serious interactions occur with estrogen and tamoxifen.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb4 Interactions can also occur with cholera vaccine, dengue vaccine, siponimod and some antiretroviral drugs. This list is not exhaustive, hence, ensure you share any medications you are using, including herbal products and supplements with your doctor before using letrozole.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Letrozole\'a0. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2,5mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s\cb1 \
}