{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 DEUS EQUIMED 250\
(Boldenone Undecylenate)
\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'95\'a0CAS number: 13103-34-9\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95\'a0Molecular Weight: 452.67 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Chemical Formula: C
\fs27 18
\fs36 H
\fs27 22
\fs36 O
\fs27 2\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 EQUIMED\'a0250 (Boldenone Undecylenate) has both androgenic and anabolic properties (AAS), but is majorly used due to its potent anabolic activity. It is used to stimulate protein synthesis and appetite and also has an effect on erythropoietin for the treatment of anemias. EQUIMED\'a0250 comes as boldenone undecylenate 250mg/ml injection, which contains boldenone undecylenate 250mg and excipients.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Boldenone Undecylenate Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Boldenone undecylenate is a prodrug (inactive form) which is eventually converted into its active form boldenone. It acts on the androgen receptor to elicit its anabolic effects. It also stimulates the kidneys to produce erythropoietin which stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells. It does not have progestogenic effects. It has a half-life of 14 days when given as an injection via the intramuscular route.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Boldenone Undecylenate Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 100mg - 200mg weekly given as intramuscular injection.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Boldenone Undecylenate Side Effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Side effects include acne, virilization, gynecomastia, fluid retention, and scalp hair loss.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Boldenone Undecylenate Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Boldenone Undecylenate interacts with estrogen grape seed extract.\'a0\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Boldenone Undecylenate . . . 250mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s
\f2 \cb1 \
}