{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS IPAMORELIN\
(Growth Hormone-Releasing Peptide)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 CAS number:\'a0170851-70-4\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight:\'a0711.87 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula:\'a0C38H49N9O5\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 IPAMORELIN (Growth Hormone-Releasing Peptide) is a man-made highly selective agonist of the ghrelin/growth hormone secretagogue receptor. It is used to treat children with growth hormone deficiency, adult GH deficiency, catabolic stats, and obesity. It is manufactured as a IPAMORELIN (Growth Hormone-Releasing Peptide) 2mg/vial injection which contains Growth Hormone-Releasing Peptide 2mg and excipients.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 IPAMORELIN Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 IPAMORELIN stimulates the release of growth hormone by acting on the ghrelin/growth hormone secretagogue receptor (GHS-R). It is still unclear the exact mechanism for GH release after the GHSR is stimulated. However, studies have shown that it acts directly on the pituitary gland and the hypothalamus, as well as GHRH and somatostatin. It does not stimulate the production of cortisol, ACTH, prolactin, FSH or LH, unlike several other GH secretagogues. This makes it highly selective and efficient for the treatment of Growth Hormone deficiency.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 IPAMORELIN Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 As directed by the physician.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 IPAMORELIN Side Effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Redness, itching, increased appetite, tiredness, and excess sweating.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 IPAMORELIN Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Insulin, testosterone, ethinylestradiol, growth hormone, IGF-1.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Growth Hormone-Releasing Peptide . . . 2mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s}