{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS SUSTAMED 250\
(Testosterone Phenylpropionate, Testosterone Isocaproate)
\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'95 CAS number: 58-22-0\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight:\'a0288.42 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula: C
\fs27 19
\fs36 H
\fs27 28
\fs36 O
\fs27 2\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 SUSTAMED 250 is one of the preferred methods of hormone replacement in men and boys to treat conditions caused by a lack of testosterone such as delayed puberty or growth. It is also recommended for males with genetic disorders, hypopituitarism or those who had previous chemotherapy. SUSTAMED 250 comes in the form of injections and 1ml of the injection contains 60mg of testosterone phenylpropionate, 60mg of testosterone isocaproate, 100mg of testosterone decanoate, 30mg of testosterone propionate and excipients.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 SUSTAMED\'a0250 (Testosterone) Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Testosterone acts on the androgen receptor to exert its androgenic and anabolic effects. It is responsible for the development of male sexual gametes and secondary sexual characteristics. It also exerts some estrogenic effects. Its anabolic effects include increased muscle mass and strength, increase in bone density, and bone maturation.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Testosterone Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Once every 3 to 4 weeks\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Testosterone Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Antidiabetics, warfarin, propranolol, corticosteroids, oxyphenbutazone.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Testosterone Side effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Allergic reactions, hypertension cardiovascular disorders, blood clots, unstable moods, hepatotoxicity, difficulty with sleeping stroke and swelling of ankles and feet.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Testosterone Phenylpropionate\'a0. . . . . . 60mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Testosterone Isocaproate . . . . 60mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Testosterone Decanoate . . . . 100mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Testosterone Propionate . . . . . 30mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s\cb1 \
}