{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red15\green21\blue38;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 DEUS EPO\
(Erythropoietin)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 CAS number:\'a011096-26-7\
\'95 Molecular Weight:\'a018396.1\'a0Da\
\'95 Formula:\'a0C815H1317N233O241S5\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf3 Overview\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf3 EPO (Erythropoietin) is a recombinant type of the human hormone, erythropoietin. It is used to treat anemia usually in people with chronic kidney failure, cancer or undergoing HIV treatment with ZIdovudine.\'a0 EPO (Erythropoietin) is manufactured as EPO (Erythropoietin) 10mg/vial which contains 3000IU of Erythropoietin and excipients.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf3 EPO (Erythropoietin) Mechanism of Action\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf3 Erythropoietin is a growth factor that is secreted in the kidneys. It stimulates the production of red blood cells by enhancing the differentiation of red blood cell precursor cells in the bone marrow. It typically increases reticulocyte count within 10 days of dosage initiation. And RBC count is elevated typically from 2 to 6 weeks. It acts on the erythropoietin receptor which signals a cascade of events that result in red cell differentiation and inhibition of apoptosis or cell death. It has a half-life of 4 - 6 hours in healthy patients.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf3 EPO (Erythropoietin) Dosage\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf3 As prescribed by the physician.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf3 EPO (Erythropoietin) Side effects\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf3 Increased blood pressure, heart failure, blood clots, allergic reaction seizures.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf3 EPO (Erythropoietin) Interactions\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf3 Glucocorticoids.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
Composition\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \uc0\u10003  Erythropoietin . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3000IU\u8232 \u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s\
}