{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww38200\viewh21600\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 DEUS DHB-MED 100\
(Dihydroboldenone Cypionate)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'95 CAS number: 65-06-5\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight:\'a0288.43\'a0g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula:\'a0C
\fs27 19
\fs36 H
\fs27 28
\fs36 O
\fs27 2
\fs36 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 DHB-MED 100 (Dihydroboldenone Cypionate) is an analogue of testosterone. It is useful in hormone replacement therapy, the treatment of breast cancer, osteoporosis and decreased libido. It is manufactured as dihydroboldenone cypionate 100mg/ml injection, containing dihydroboldenone cypionate 100mg and excipients.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Dihydroboldenone Cypionate Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Dihydroboldenone cypionate acts on androgen receptors, exhibiting moderate androgenic properties, but high anabolic properties. It can be used in hormonal replacement therapy. It is also used to stimulate muscle growth, development and fat distribution.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Dihydroboldenone Cypionate Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 100mg weekly by intramuscular injection, max of 400mg monthly.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Dihydroboldenone Cypionate Side effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Virilization prostate enlargement, nausea, vomiting, skin colour changes, priapism swelling of feet.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Dihydroboldenone Cypionate . . . . . . 100mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 Precautions for storage:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 Because of the high concentration of the product, it is susceptible to crystallization when exposed to colder temperatures. It\'92s best to follow the process of re-dissolving the product if this has happened. Crystallization does not impact patient safety, efficacy, or product quality.\cb1 \
}