{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS TESTOMED E 250\
(Testosterone Enanthate)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'95 CAS number: 315-37-7\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight: 400.59 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula: C
\fs27 26
\fs36 H
\fs27 40
\fs36 O
\fs27 3\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 TESTOMED E 250 (Testosterone Enanthate) is used in men and boys to treat conditions caused by a lack of testosterone, such as delayed puberty or growth. It is also recommended for males with genetic disorders, hypopituitarism or those who had previous chemotherapy. Testosterone injection is also used in women to treat certain types of breast cancer that have spread to other parts of the body.\'a0TESTOMED\'a0E 250 is manufactured as testosterone enanthate 250mg/ml which contains testosterone enanthate 250mg and excipients.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Testosterone Enanthate Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Testosterone enanthate is a prodrug of testosterone. Testosterone acts on the androgen receptor to exert its androgenic and anabolic effects. It is responsible for the development of male sexual gametes and secondary sexual characteristics. Testosterone enanthate has strong androgenic and moderate anabolic effects. Its anabolic effects include increased muscle mass and strength, increase in bone density, and bone maturation.\'a0\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Testosterone Enanthate Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 250mg every one to four weeks via intramuscular injection route.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Testosterone Enanthate Side effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Masculinization, voice changes, changes in libido, gynecomastia, acne, allergic reactions, hypertension cardiovascular disorders, blood clots, unstable moods, hepatotoxicity, difficulty with sleeping, stroke, and swelling of ankles and feet.\'a0\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Testosterone Enanthate Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Antidiabetics, warfarin, propranolol, corticosteroids, oxyphenbutazone.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Testosterone Enanthate . . . . 250mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s\cb1 \
}