{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS TRENBOMED E 200\
(Trenbolone Enanthate)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'95\'a0CAS number: 1629618-98-9\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95\'a0Molecular Weight: 382.54 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Chemical Formula: C
\fs27 25
\fs36 H
\fs27 34
\fs36 O
\fs27 3\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 TRENBOMED\'a0E 200 (Trenbolone Enanthate) is a medication that is used in the management of the anemia of renal insufficiency and has been shown to increase hemoglobin and red cell mass. Trenbomed E 200 comes as trenbolone enanthate 200mg injection which contains trenbolone 200mg and excipients.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Trenbolone Enanthate Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Trenbolone enanthate is a long-acting prodrug of trenbolone in the body, with a half-life of 11 days. The active substance trenbolone, acts on the androgen receptor to stimulate both anabolic and androgenic effects. Trenbolone can also increase the amount of erythropoietin involved in red cell production. This is particularly useful in treating aplastic anemia, and research has shown that trenbolone is more potent than testosterone in exerting its effects. It\'a0also leads to muscle growth, increase in bone density and also helps in wound recovery.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Trenbolone Enanthate Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 200mg weekly taken as an intramuscular injection.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Trenbolone Side Effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Virilization (masculinization), acne oily skin, hypogonadism, elevation of LDL levels, cardiovascular diseases, gynecomastia, and Tren cough.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Trenbolone Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Oral anticoagulants, antidiabetic, anabolic steroids, cytotoxic drugs.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Trenbolone Enanthate . . . . . . 200mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s
\f2 \cb1 \
}