{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 DEUS S23 10\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95\'a0CAS number: 1010396-29-8\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight: 416.76 g/mol\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Formula: C
\fs27 18
\fs36 H
\fs27 13
\fs36 ClF
\fs27 4
\fs36 N
\fs27 2
\fs36 O
\fs27 3\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 S23 10 is a nonsteroidal oral selective androgen receptor modulator (SARM) for use as a male hormonal contraceptive. It comes as S23 10mg tablets comprising S23 10mg and excipients.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 S23 Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 SARMs like S23 10 are molecules that act on androgen receptors. Androgen receptors, when stimulated by androgens, are responsible for male sexual characteristics (androgenic action) and the development of muscle bulk and bone mass (anabolic action). S23 10 stimulates these receptors to cause an increase in lean body mass (fat-free mass) and improvement of bone density. They are preferred because they do not stimulate the androgen receptors to cause the development of male sexual characteristics, which are usually unwanted during treatment, and this is why they are tagged "selective". SARMs also do not cause prostate hypertrophy which is caused by exogenous androgens. As a contraceptive, S23 10 causes negative feedback when it stimulates the androgen receptor, causing suppression of sex hormones in the brain.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 S23 Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 10mg daily taken orally.\'a0\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 S23 Side effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 Side effects may include an increased risk of heart attack liver injury, or stroke.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 S23 Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 Not Available\cf2 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb4 Composition\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  S23 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s}