{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS HCG\
(Human Chorionic Gonadotropin)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 CAS number:\'a09002-61-3\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight:\'a025719.70 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula:\'a0C1105H1770N318O336S26\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 HCG (Human Chorionic Gonadotropin) is a synthetic analog of the natural HCG produced by the placenta. HCG is useful in the treatment of infertility in both males and females.\'a0 It is manufactured as HCG (Human Chorionic Gonadotropin) 5000IU/vial injection which contains 5000IU of Human Chorionic Gonadotropin and excipients.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 HCG (Human Chorionic Gonadotropin) Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 HCG is well known for its functions in pregnancy. However, it also acts on the luteinizing hormone receptor/choriogonadotropin receptor. Technically, the luteinizing hormone (LH) involved in ovulation and the development of testosterone is an analog of HCG. Therefore, they exert similar effects on the ovaries and testes. On the ovaries, it can induce ovulation and the production of testosterone in the testes. This makes it suitable for treatment of infertility in men and women.\'a0\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 HCG (Human Chorionic Gonadotropin) Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 As prescribed by physician.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 HCG (Human Chorionic Gonadotropin)\'a0 Side Effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Ovarian cyst, breast pain, back pain,\'a0nausea, vomiting, injection site inflammation.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 HCG (Human Chorionic Gonadotropin) Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Gonadorelin.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Human Chorionic Gonadotropin . . . 5000IU\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s\cb1 \
}