{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS AROMAMED 25\
(Exemestane)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'95 CAS number:\'a0107868-30-4\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight: 296.40 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula: C20H24O2\'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 AROMAMED\'a025 (Exemestane) is a drug used in breast cancer treatment after menopause. It has also been found to significantly reduce the risk of breast cancer in high-risk women. It comes as an exemstane 25mg tablet which contains 25mg of exemstane and excipients.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Exemestane Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Exemestane is a breast cancer drug that belongs to the class of steroidal (Type I) aromatase Inhibitors. Some breast cancers grow faster due to the presence of a hormone called estrogen. Aromatase is an enzyme that helps in the production of estrogen. Exemestane inhibits the activity of aromatase, which consequently prevents estrogen formation, leading to a slowing down or reversal of breast cancer growth. Exemestane has a half-life of 24 hours.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 AROMAMED 25 (Exemestane) Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 25mg orally, once daily. However, consult your doctor before taking this medication.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Exemestane Side Effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Side effects may include hot flashes, excess sweating, headaches, nausea and vomiting, difficulty sleeping, low mood, vision changes, shortness of breath, or chest pain.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Exemestane Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Interactions may occur with estrogen and estrogen blockers, ivacaftor, and idelalisib.\cb1 \
\cb4 This list is not exhaustive, hence, ensure you share any medications you are using, including herbal products and supplements with your doctor before using exemestane.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Exemestane . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s
\f2 \cb1 \
}