{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red15\green21\blue38;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww29200\viewh18400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS CYTOMED 25\
(Liothyronine Natrium (T3))\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'95 CAS number:\'a06893-02-3\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight: 672.96 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula: C15H11I3NNaO4\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 CYTOMED 25 (Liothyronine Sodium (T3)) is a synthetic variant of the human body's thyroid hormone. This medicine is used to treat hypothyroidism and myxedema coma. When combined with other drugs, Liothyronine Sodium T3 can be very effective in the treatment of major depressive disorders. It is manufactured as 25mcg tablets that contain 25mcg of Liothyronine Sodium and excipients.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Liothyronine Sodium Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Liothyronine is produced from Triiodothyronine (T3) and it exerts similar effects. It acts on body cells to increase the basal metabolic rate, increase the synthesis of protein and also make cells more receptive to the effects of catecholamines. Liothyronine has a swift onset of action.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Liothyronine Sodium Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 As prescribed by the physician.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Liothyronine Sodium Side Effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Weight loss, nausea and vomiting, tremors, headache, excessive sweating, stomach upset, and sensitivity to heat.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Liothyronine Sodium Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Sodium Iodide, heparin antithrombin, protamine, enoxaparin.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Liothyronine Sodium . . . . . . . 25 mcg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s
\f2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf5 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
}