{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 DEUS DECAMED 250\
(Nandrolone Decanoate)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'95 CAS number: 360-70-3\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight: 428.65 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula: C
\fs27 28
\fs36 H
\fs27 44
\fs36 O
\fs27 3
\fs36 \'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 DECAMED 250 (Nandrolone Decanoate) belongs to the class of androgen and anabolic steroids (AAS). As a synthetic derivative of testosterone, it can be used to treat anaemia, osteoporosis and muscle wasting. It is manufactured as DECAMED 250mg/ml injection which contains 250mg of nandrolone decanoate and excipients.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Nandrolone Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Like other androgen and anabolic steroids, nandrolone acts on androgen receptors to exert its anabolic and androgenic effects. However, it has far stronger anabolic effects than androgenic effects. Hence it is used often among children and women. Nandrolone also boosts red blood cell production by increasing erythropoietin production in the kidney and also stimulating bone marrow which makes it suitable for the treatment of anemia from renal insufficiency.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 DECAMED\'a0250 (Nandrolone Decanoate) Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Dosing is as directed by the physician.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Nandrolone Decanoate Side effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Virilization (masculinization), fluid retention, infertility, testicular atrophy, elevated blood pressure, nausea and vomiting, prostate enlargement, priapism, liver injury, rashes, and allergic reactions.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Nandrolone Decanoate Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Aromatase inhibitors, selective estrogen receptor modulators, 5-alpha reductase inhibitors, and anti-androgens all interact with nandrolone.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Nandrolone Decanoate . . . . . 250mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s\cb1 \
}