{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS TESTOMED 100\
(Testosterone Base)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'95 CAS number: 57-85-2\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight: 288.42 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula: C
\fs27 19
\fs36 H
\fs27 28
\fs36 O
\fs27 2
\fs36 \'a0\'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 TESTOMED 100 (Testosterone Base) is used in men and boys to treat conditions caused by a lack of testosterone, such as delayed puberty or growth. It is recommended for males with genetic disorders, problems with certain brain structures (called the hypothalamus and pituitary) or previous chemotherapy. Testosterone injection is also used in women to treat certain types of breast cancer that have spread to other parts of the body. TESTOMED 100 contains Testosterone base 100mg/ml and excipients.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Testosterone Base Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Testosterone acts on the androgen receptor to exert its androgenic and anabolic effects. It is responsible for the development of male sexual gametes and secondary sexual characteristics. It also exerts some estrogenic effects. Its anabolic effects include increased muscle mass and strength, increase in bone density, and bone maturation. The testosterone base has the advantage of preventing the negative effects of testosterone suppression which are common in other similar drugs. It also does not have any esters, just the pure potent base.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Testosterone Base Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 100mg weekly via intramuscular route.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Testosterone Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Antidiabetics, warfarin, propranolol, corticosteroids, oxyphenbutazone.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Testosterone Side effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Allergic reactions, hypertension cardiovascular disorders, blood clots, unstable moods, hepatotoxicity, difficulty with sleeping stroke and swelling of ankles and feet.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Testosterone Base . . . . . . . . . 100mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s\cb1 \
}