{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww29200\viewh18120\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS CLENOMED 40\
(Clenbuterol HCL)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95\'a0CAS number: 21898-19-1\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight: 313.65 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula: C12H19CL3N2O\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 CLENOMED 40 (Clenbuterol HCL) is a bronchodilator, which is used as a medication for the treatment of reversible airway obstruction such as asthma and certain cases of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It comes as clenbuterol 40mcg tablets which contain clenbuterol hydrochloride 40mcg and excipients.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Clenbuterol Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Clenbuterol is a beta-2 agonist. That is, it stimulates the beta-2 receptors which results in opening the airways and relaxing the airway muscles. This is why clenbuterol HCL is used as a decongestant and bronchodilator. Its effects also make it suitable for use in asthmatic patients and those with COPD.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Clenbuterol Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Recommended dosage in the treatment of asthma is 20 - 30 mcg per day.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Clenbuterol Side Effects\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Side effects include anxiety, tremors, headaches, excessive sweating, fever, palpitations or irregular heartbeat.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Clenbuterol is known to interact with thiazides, spironolactone, theophylline, amphotericin B, corticosteroids, and clozapine. This list is not exhaustive, hence, ensure you share any medications you are using, including herbal products and supplements with your doctor before using clenbuterol.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003 
\f0  Clenbuterol HCL . . . . . . . . . . . 40mcg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003 
\f0  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf2 \
}