{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS HGH FRAGMENT 176-191\
(Recombinant Human Growth Hormone Fragment 176-191)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 CAS number:\'a066004-57-7\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight:\'a02140.19 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula:\'a0C84H127F9N24O27S2\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 HGH FRAGMENT 176-191 (Recombinant Human Growth Hormone Fragment 176-191) is a growth hormone analog that is used to treat children with growth hormone deficiency, Turner syndrome, and short stature. It is a polypeptide hormone that has recombinant DNA origin. It contains 5mg of Recombinant Human Growth Hormone Fragment 176-191 and excipients.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 HGH FRAGMENT 176-191 Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 HGH FRAGMENT 176-191 is a recombinant growth hormone that acts on bone, cartilage, and muscle to stimulate growth in childhood. It acts just like the natural growth hormone. It can be used to treat both children and adults with growth hormone deficiency. It increases the concentration of Insulin-like Growth Factor-1 (IGF-1) which plays a role in skeletal growth. It also increases the synthesis of protein and increases the lean body mass.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 HGH FRAGMENT 176-191 Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Weight-based dosing as directed by a physician.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 HGH FRAGMENT 176-191 Side effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Headache nausea, fatigue, vomiting, weakness, eye problems, irregular heartbeats slurred speech, joint stiffness and impaired glucose tolerance.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 HGH FRAGMENT 176-191 Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Oral hypoglycemic drugs, steroids cyclosporine, oral contraceptive, macimorelin.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Recombinant Human Growth Hormone Fragment 176-191\'a0. . . . . 5mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s}