{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS IGF-1 LR3\
(Long Arginine 3-IGF-1)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 CAS number:\'a0143045-27-6\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight:\'a09117.60 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula:\'a0C400H625N111O115S9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 IGF-1 LR3 (Long Arginine 3-IGF-1)\'a0 is a man-made form of IGF-1 (Insulin-like Growth Factor-1). It is used in the treatment of growth failure in children and IGF-1 deficiency, or growth hormone deficiency. IGF-1 LR3 (Long Arginine 3-IGF-1) comes in 1mg/vial subcutaneous injections which contain 1mg of Long Arginine 3-IGF-1, and excipients.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 IGF-1 LR3 (Long Arginine 3-IGF-1)\'a0 Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 As an analog of IGF-1, IGF-1 LR3 mediates the effect of growth hormone although it is more potent than IGF-1. It binds to the IGF1 receptor to promote growth in almost every part of the body. It also signals several growth pathways that result in increased growth and it inhibits the pathway of cellular death. Naturally, growth hormone stimulates the release of IGF-1 from the liver. However, IGF-1 LR3 can act in the absence of growth hormone which makes it useful in treating growth hormone deficiency and resistance. It differs from the natural IGF-1 in that it has 13 more amino acids, and has a longer half-life which is approximately 30- 30 hours.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 IGF-1 LR3 (Long Arginine 3-IGF-1)\'a0 Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 As directed by the physician.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 IGF-1 LR3 (Long Arginine 3-IGF-1) Side Effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Hypoglycemia, retina swelling, muscle pain, joint pain bell's palsy.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 IGF-1 DES (Insulin-Like Growth Factor 1, DES) Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Macimorelin, hypoglycemic medications.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Long Arginine 3-IGF-1 . . . . . . . . 1mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s}