{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 DEUS LGD4033 10 LIGANDROL\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95\'a0CAS number: 1165910-22-4\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight: 338.25 g/mol\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Formula: C
\fs27 14
\fs36 H
\fs27 12
\fs36 F
\fs27 6
\fs36 N
\fs27 2
\fs36 O\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 LGD4033 10 (Ligandrol) is a novel nonsteroidal oral selective androgen receptor modulator (SARM) that was developed for the treatment of disease conditions like muscle wasting and osteoporosis. It comes as LGD4033 10 (Ligandrol) 10mg tablets which contain 10mg of ligandrol and excipients.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 Ligandrol Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 Ligandrol is a selective androgen receptor modulator (SARM). SARMs are molecules that act on androgen receptors. Androgen receptors, when stimulated by androgens, are responsible for male sexual characteristics (androgenic action) and the development of muscle bulk and bone mass (anabolic action). SARMs stimulate these receptors to cause an increase in lean body mass (fat-free mass) and improvement of bone density. They are preferred because they do not stimulate the androgen receptors to cause the development of male sexual characteristics, and this is why they are tagged "selective".\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 LGD4033 10 (Ligandrol)\'a0Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 10mg daily taken orally.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 Ligandrol Side Effects\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 Ligandrol can increase the risk of liver damage, heart attack stroke.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 \cb4 Ligandrol Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 Not Available\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 Composition\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  LGD4033 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s}