{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS HEXARELIN\
(Growth Hormone-Releasing Peptide)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 CAS number:\'a0140703-51-1\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight:\'a0887.06 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula:\'a0C47H58N12O6\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 HEXARELIN (Growth Hormone-Releasing Peptide) is a man-made agonist of the ghrelin/growth hormone secretagogue receptor. It is used to treat children with growth hormone deficiency, adult GH deficiency, catabolic stats, and obesity. It is manufactured as a HEXARELIN (Growth Hormone-Releasing Peptide) 2mg/vial injection which contains Growth Hormone-Releasing Peptide 2mg and excipients.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 HEXARELIN Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 HEXARELIN is a synthetic analog of the ghrelin receptor. Ghrelin is well known for its actions in stimulating hunger and appetite. However, it also stimulates the release of growth hormone by acting on the ghrelin/growth hormone secretagogue receptor (GHS-R). HEXARELIN also exerts these same effects on GHSR. It is still unclear the exact mechanism for GH release after the GHSR is stimulated. However, studies have shown that it acts directly on the pituitary gland and the hypothalamus, as well as GHRH and somatostatin.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 HEXARELIN Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 As directed by the physician.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 HEXARELIN Side Effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Redness, itching, increased appetite, tiredness, and excess sweating.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 HEXARELIN Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Insulin, testosterone, ethinylestradiol, growth hormone, IGF-1.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Growth Hormone-Releasing Peptide . . . 2mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s\cb1 \
}