{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green21\blue38;\red241\green249\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DEUS PRIMOMED 100\
(Methenolone Enanthate)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'95\'a0CAS number: 303-42-4\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight: 414.64 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula: C
\fs27 27
\fs36 H
\fs27 42
\fs36 O
\fs27 3
\fs36 \'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 PRIMOMED 100 (Methenolone Enanthate) is indicated for the treatment of aplastic anemia, breast cancer, postmenopausal osteoporosis and sarcopenia (the loss of muscle as correlated with aging). Also, the drug is utilized to treat individuals suffering from conditions in which muscle wasting and severe weight loss is a symptom, and as an immunostimulant for individuals fighting infections. PRIMOMED 100 is manufactured as methenolone enanthate 100mg/ml injections that contain 100mg of methenolone enanthate and excipients.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Methenolone Enanthate Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Methenolone enanthate is an ester of methenolone, the active form of the drug. Methenolone acts on androgen receptors to exert some of its effects. It has moderate anabolic properties and weak androgenic properties. However, it also exerts some of its effect on the bone marrow which makes it suitable for the treatment of anemia. Its mechanism of action does not produce estrogenic side effects.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Methenolone Acetate Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 100mg intramuscular injection taken.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Methenolone Enanthate Side effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Side effects include masculinization in women, acne, increased sexual libido, and changes in voice, reversible hypogonadism.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb4 Methenolone Enanthate Interactions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb4 Betamethasone phosphate ciclesonide, budesonide.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Methenolone Enanthate . . . . 100mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s\cb1 \
}