{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red241\green249\blue255;\red175\green12\blue36;
\red15\green21\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c95686\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c74902\c12549\c18431;
\cssrgb\c7059\c10980\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\cf2 DEUS CJC-1295 DAC\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(Tetrasubstituted 30-Amino Acid Peptide Hormone)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \AppleTypeServices \cf5 \'95 CAS number: 446262-90-4\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Molecular Weight: 3367.95 g/mol\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Formula:\'a0C152H252N44O42\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf5 \cb6 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf5 \cb6 CJC-1295 DAC (Tetrasubstituted 30-Amino Acid Peptide Hormone) is a growth hormone-releasing hormone analog useful in the treatment of growth hormone-deficient adults and children with impaired linear growth. it can also be useful in the treatment of turner syndrome and wasting. It is manufactured as CJC-1295 DAC (Tetrasubstituted 30-Amino Acid Peptide Hormone) 2mg/vial injections which contain Tetrasubstituted 30-Amino Acid Peptide Hormone 2mg and excipients.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf5 \cb6 CJC-1295 DAC (Tetrasubstituted 30-Amino Acid Peptide Hormone)\'a0 Mechanism of Action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf5 \cb6 As a GHRH analogue, CJC-1295 DAC acts on the pituitary gland to stimulate the release of growth hormone. When linked with the Drug Affinity Complex (DAC) It has a half-life of 5 - 8 days which gives it a major advantage over GHRH itself with a half-life of 7 minutes. This means frequent injections are unnecessary. An added benefit is the ability of CJC-1295 DAC to promote deep sleep and memory retention.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf5 \cb6 CJC-1295 DAC (Tetrasubstituted 30-Amino Acid Peptide Hormone) Dosage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf5 \cb6 Twice weekly intramuscular Injection.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf5 \cb6 CJC-1295 DAC Side effects\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf5 \cb6 Fluid retention, weakness, itching, tingling sensation, insulin resistance.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf5 \cb6 CJC-1295 DAC Interaction\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices \cf5 \cb6 Insulin.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\cb6 Composition\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb6 \uc0\u10003  Tetrasubstituted 30-Amino Acid Peptide Hormone . . . 2mg\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb6 \uc0\u10003  Excipients . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . q.s}